---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "seqera_studios Data Source - terraform-provider-seqera"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Studios is a unified platform where you can host a combination of
  container images and compute environments for interactive analysis using
  your preferred tools, like JupyterLab, an R-IDE, Visual Studio Code IDEs,
  or Xpra remote desktops. Each Studio session is an individual interactive
  environment that encapsulates the live environment for dynamic data analysis.
  Note:
  On Seqera Cloud, the free tier permits only one running Studio session at a time.
  To run simultaneous sessions, contact Seqera for a Seqera Cloud Pro license.
---

# seqera_studios (Data Source)

Studios is a unified platform where you can host a combination of
container images and compute environments for interactive analysis using
your preferred tools, like JupyterLab, an R-IDE, Visual Studio Code IDEs,
or Xpra remote desktops. Each Studio session is an individual interactive
environment that encapsulates the live environment for dynamic data analysis.

Note:
On Seqera Cloud, the free tier permits only one running Studio session at a time.
To run simultaneous sessions, contact Seqera for a Seqera Cloud Pro license.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "seqera_studios" "my_studios" {
  workspace_id = 9
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `workspace_id` (Number) Workspace numeric identifier

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `description` (String) Description of the Studio session's purpose
- `is_private` (Boolean)
- `name` (String) Display name for the Studio session
- `session_id` (String) Studio session numeric identifier

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `conda_environment` (String)
- `cpu` (Number) Number of CPU cores to allocate
- `environment` (Map of String) Studio-specific environment variables as key-value pairs. Variable names must contain only alphanumeric and underscore characters, and cannot begin with a number.
- `gpu` (Number) Set to 0 to disable GPU or 1 to enable GPU.
- `lifespan_hours` (Number) Maximum lifespan of the Studio session in hours
- `memory` (Number) Memory allocation for the Studio session in megabytes (MB).
- `mount_data` (List of String)
